Document usage of multiple collector config files (#5960)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/configuration.md

otelcol --config=customconfig.yaml
```

You can also provide multiple configurations using multiple files at different
paths. Each file can be a full or partial configuration, and the files can
reference components from each other. If the merger of files does not constitute
a complete configuration, the user receives an error since required components
are not added by default. Pass in multiple file paths at the command line as
follows:

````shell

> otelcol --config=file:/path/to/first/file --config=file:/path/to/second/file

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```shell
otelcol --config=file:/path/to/first/file --config=file:/path/to/second/file
```
~~~

Use three ticks, also terminate your code block

You can also provide configurations using environment variables, HTTP URIs, or
YAML paths. For example:

```shell
otelcol --config=env:MY_CONFIG_IN_AN_ENVVAR --config=https://server/config.yaml
otelcol --config="yaml:exporters::debug::verbosity: normal"

> ````

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
~~~

Revert that change please

otelcol --config="yaml:exporters::debug::verbosity: normal"
```

> You can also provide multiple configurations using multiple files at different
> paths. Each file can be a full/partial configuration and reference components
> from each other. For simplicity, if the merge of files does not constitute a
> complete configuration user will get an error since the defaults are not added
> by default. For example:
> 
> ```shell
> otelcol --cofig=file:/path/to/first/file --config=file:/path/to/second/file
> ```

Reviewer 2: I've made a few edits to this paragraph, but I also think the whole section needs to be moved a little higher on the page where it will flow better with the other examples. Could you shift this paragraph and its example so that they come after line 32? Thanks!

```suggestion
You can also provide multiple configurations using multiple files at different
paths. Each file can be a full or partial configuration, and the files can reference components
from each other. If the merger of files does not constitute a
complete configuration, the user receives an error since required components are not added
by default. Pass in multiple file paths at the command line as follows:

```shell
otelcol --config=file:/path/to/first/file --config=file:/path/to/second/file
```
```
